feat(opentelemtry): Initial implementation of OpenTelemetry (#2)
gravitee-io/gravitee-tracer-opentelemetry: README.adoc

image:https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg["License", link="https://github.com/gravitee-io/gravitee-tracer-opentelemetry/blob/master/LICENSE.txt"]
image:https://img.shields.io/badge/semantic--release-conventional%20commits-e10079?logo=semantic-release["Releases", link="https://github.com/gravitee-io/gravitee-tracer-opentelemetry/releases"]
image:https://circleci.com/gh/gravitee-io/gravitee-tracer-opentelemetry.svg?style=svg["CircleCI", link="https://circleci.com/gh/gravitee-io/gravitee-tracer-opentelemetry"]
image:https://f.hubspotusercontent40.net/hubfs/7600448/gravitee-github-button.jpg["Join the community forum", link="https://community.gravitee.io?utm_source=readme", height=20]
endif::[]

== Description
The `otel` tracer is used to collect tracing information from the gateway and send them to a compatible OpenTelemetry exporter (Jaeger, Datadog, Elastic APM, NewRelic, ...).

== Installation

You can build the tracer plugin from the source or you can download it from https://download.gravitee.io/#graviteeio-apim/plugins/tracers/graviteeio-tracer-opentelemetry/[here]

> Then, put the ZIP file in your gateway plugins folder. (https://docs.gravitee.io/apim/3.x/apim_installguide_gateway_configuration.html#configure_the_plugins_repository[More information])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, put the ZIP file in your gateway plugins folder. (https://documentation.gravitee.io/apim/overview/plugins[More information])
```
Maybe link to the new doc site no ?
